feat(update): Update getting started (#287)
neoforged/Documentation: docs/rendering/particles.md

# Client Particles

A `Particle` defines the client representation of what is spawned in the world and displayed to the player. Most properties and basic physics are controlled by fields such as `gravity`, `lifetime`, `hasPhysics`, `friction`, etc. The only two methods that are commonly overridden are `tick` and `move`, both of which do exactly as their name implies. As such, most custom particles are often short, consisting only a of a constructor that sets the desired fields with the occasional override in the two methods.

There are two methods for constructing a particle: subclassing `SingleQuadParticle`, which blits a look-facing texture to the screen; and subclassing `Particle`, which gives full control of the [features] being submitted for rendering.

:::note

> NeoForge currently does not have support for custom `Particle` subclasses.

Reviewer: I'm afraid I have no idea what this is supposed to mean.

:::

## A Single Quad

Particles that extend `SingleQuadParticle` draw a single quad with some atlas sprite to the screen. There are many helpers provided in the class, from setting the size of the particle (via the `quadSize` field or `scale` method), to tinting the texture (via `setColor` and `setAlpha`). However, the two most important things about a quad particle is the `TextureAtlasSprite` used as the texture, and where that sprite is obtained and rendered through `SingleQuadParticle.Layer`.

First, the `TextureAtlasSprite` is passed into the constructor, either as itself or more likely a `SpriteSet`, representing the texture over its lifetime. Initially, the sprite is set to the protected `sprite` field, but it can be updated during `tick` by calling `setSprite` or `setSpriteFromAge`, respectively.

> :::note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip
```

| `TERRAIN`     | Blocks        | Particles that use block textures |
| `OPAQUE`      | Particles     | Particles with no transparency    |
| `TRANSLUCENT` | Particles     | Particles with transparency       |

Custom layers can be easily created by calling the constructor.

```java
public class MyQuadParticle extends SingleQuadParticle {

    public static final SingleQuadParticle.Layer EXAMPLE_LAYER = new SingleQuadParticle.Layer(
        // Whether the particle will have textures that are not fully opaque.
        true,
        // The texture atlas used to get the sprite from.
        // This should match `TextureAtlasSprite#atlasLocation`.
        TextureAtlas.LOCATION_PARTICLES,
        // The render pipeline used to draw the particle.
        // Custom render pipelines should be based from `RenderPipelines#PARTICLE_SNIPPET`
        // to specify the available uniforms and samplers.
        RenderPipelines.WEATHER_DEPTH_WRITE
    );

    private final SpriteSet spriteSet;

    // First four parameters are self-explanatory.
    // The sprite set or atlas sprite are typically given through the provider, see below.

>     // Additional parameters can be added as needed e.g., xd/yd/zd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Additional parameters can be added as needed, e.g., xSpeed/ySpeed/zSpeed.
```
